小紅帽短篇英語故事版本1
Little Red Riding Hood

Little Red Riding Hood is a lovely girl. She likes red hats. So her mother calls her little Red Riding Hood.

Her grandma loves her very much. But now she is ill. Her mother is busy. So she asks little Riding Hood to see her grandma.

In the forest, a wolf sees little Red Riding Hood, "Look, little Riding Hood. I have children for lunch, the path goes to her grandma's house."

The wolf comes to grandma's house and eats grandma. Then he wears grandma's glasses and clothes, and in her bed.

After a while, little Red Riding Hood comes to grandma's bed. To her surprise, grandma's mouth is very big. So she asks: "Grandma, why is your mouth so big?" "I eat little girls with this mouth." And he rushed at little Red Riding Hood.

"Help! Help!" The wolf runs after little Red Riding Hood. At this time, a hunter passes through the house. He shoots the wolf and saves little Red Riding Hood. Then he cuts the wolf and grandma comes out.

小紅帽

小紅帽是一個可愛的女孩。她喜歡紅帽子，於是她媽媽就叫她小紅帽。

她的祖母很愛小紅帽，但現在她生病了。小紅帽的媽媽非常忙，所有她讓小紅帽去看望祖母。在森林裏，一隻狼看見了小紅帽。"瞧啊!小紅帽。午餐有小孩子可以吃啦!這是一條去她祖母家的路。"

狼來到了祖母家並吃掉了祖母。然後他戴上祖母的眼鏡，並穿上祖母的衣服並睡在祖母的牀上。過了一段時間，小紅帽來到了祖母的牀前，使她吃驚的是祖母的嘴巴非常大。於是她問："祖母，為什麼你的嘴巴這麼大?""用它來吃小女孩。"狼説這就撲向小紅帽。

"救命，救命!狼追着小紅帽。正在此時，一個獵人路過這兒，他用槍打死了狼並救出小紅帽;然後他剝開狼的兔子，救出祖母。"

　　小紅帽短篇英語故事版本2
Little Red Riding Hood is a lovely girl. She likes red hats. So her mother calls her little Red Riding Hood.

小紅帽是一個可愛的女孩。她喜歡紅帽子，於是她媽媽就叫她小紅帽。

Her grandma loves her very much. But now she is ill. Her mother is busy. So she asks little Riding Hood to see her grandma.

In the forest, a wolf sees little Red Riding Hood, “Look, little Riding Hood. I have children for lunch, the path goes to her grandma’s house.”

她的祖母很愛小紅帽，但現在她生病了。小紅帽的媽媽非常忙，所有她讓小紅帽去看望祖母。在森林裏，一隻狼看見了小紅帽。“瞧啊!小紅帽。午餐有小孩子可以吃啦!這是一條去她祖母家的路。”

The wolf comes to grandma’s house and eats grandma. Then he wears grandma’s glasses and clothes, and in her bed.

After a while, little Red Riding Hood comes to grandma’s bed. To her surprise, grandma’s mouth is very big. So she asks: “Grandma, why is your mouth so big?” “I eat little girls with this mouth.” And he rushed at little Red Riding Hood.

狼來到了祖母家並吃掉了祖母。然後他戴上祖母的眼鏡，並穿上祖母的衣服並睡在祖母的牀上。過了一段時間，小紅帽來到了祖母的牀前，使她吃驚的是祖母的嘴巴非常大。於是她問：“祖母，為什麼你的嘴巴這麼大?”“用它來吃小女孩。”狼説這就撲向小紅帽。

“Help! Help!” The wolf runs after little Red Riding Hood. At this time, a hunter passes through the house. He shoots the wolf and saves little Red Riding Hood. Then he cuts the wolf and grandma comes out.

“救命，救命!狼追着小紅帽。正在此時，一個獵人路過這兒，他用槍打死了狼並救出小紅帽;然後他剝開狼的兔子，救出祖母。